enable
conf t
hostname SW-01
vlan 6
name VLAN6
vlan 11
name VLAN11
vlan 21
name VLAN21
vlan 31
name VLAN31
vlan 41
name VLAN41
vlan 51
name VLAN51
vlan 61
name VLAN61
vlan 71
name VLAN71
vlan 81
name VLAN81
vlan 91
name VLAN91
vlan 101
name VLAN101
vlan 111
name VLAN111
vlan 121
name VLAN121
vlan 131
name VLAN131
vlan 141
name VLAN141
vlan 151
name VLAN151
vlan 161
name VLAN161
vlan 171
name VLAN171
vlan 181
name VLAN181
vlan 191
name VLAN191
interface f0/1
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 6
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/2
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 11
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/3
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 21
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/4
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 31
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/5
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 41
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/6
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 51
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/7
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 61
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/8
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 71
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/9
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 81
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/10
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 91
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/11
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 101
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/12
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 111
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/13
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 121
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/14
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 131
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/15
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 141
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/16
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 151
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/17
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 161
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/18
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 171
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/19
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 181
no shutdown
exit
interface f0/20
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 191
no shutdown
exit
interface g0/1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allowed vlan 6,11,21,31,41,51,61,71,81,91,101,111,121,131,141,151,161,171,181,191
no shutdown
exit
do wr
